Add Bayesian NODE, Applications document (#73)
SciML/SciMLDocs: docs/src/getting_started/bayesian_neural_ode_introduction.md

```julia
u0 = [2.0; 0.0]
datasize = 40
tspan = (0.0, 1)
tsteps = range(tspan[1], tspan[2], length = datasize)

function trueODEfunc(du, u, p, t)
    true_A = [-0.1 2.0; -2.0 -0.1]
    du .= ((u.^3)'true_A)'
end

prob_trueode = ODEProblem(trueODEfunc, u0, tspan)
ode_data = Array(solve(prob_trueode, Tsit5(), saveat = tsteps))
```

## Step 2: Define the Neural ODE architecture.

Note that this step potentially offers a lot of flexibility in the number of layers/ number of units in each layer. It may not necessarily be true that a 100 units architecture is better at prediction/forecasting than a 50 unit architecture. On the other hand, a complicated architecture can take a huge computational time without increasing performance.

```julia
dudt2 = FastChain((x, p) -> x.^3,
                  FastDense(2, 50, tanh),
                  FastDense(50, 2))
prob_neuralode = NeuralODE(dudt2, tspan, Tsit5(), saveat = tsteps)
```

## Step 3: Define the loss function for the Neural ODE.

```julia
function predict_neuralode(p)
    Array(prob_neuralode(u0, p))
end

function loss_neuralode(p)
    pred = predict_neuralode(p)
    loss = sum(abs2, ode_data .- pred)
    return loss, pred
end

```

> ## Step 4: Step 4: Now we start integrating the Bayesian estimation workflow as prescribed by the AdvancedHMC interface with the NeuralODE defined above

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Step 4: Now we start integrating the Bayesian estimation workflow as prescribed by the AdvancedHMC interface with the NeuralODE defined above
```

> The Advanced HMC interface requires us to specify: (a) the hamiltonian log density and its gradient , (b) the sampler and (c) the step size adaptor function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The AdvancedHMC interface requires us to specify: (a) the hamiltonian log density and its gradient , (b) the sampler and (c) the step size adaptor function.
```
